OU wiki
=======

Copyright 2013 The Open University


This is an alternative wiki that you can install into standard Moodle.

It does not replace the standard wiki, and operates alongside it. The key
intention of this wiki is to provide a simple teaching tool suitable for
student use with minimal required training. It is in no way intended to be
a full-fledged wiki like MediaWiki. For example, there is no wiki syntax
except [[links]].


Branch:

This stable branch is configured to match the latest stable branch at the
Open University that uses Moodle 2.5. Once we stop using Moodle 2.5, there
will be no more fixes in this branch (but of course anyone can fork the
reposistory and make a fixed version).

Support:

We cannot offer direct support. Please do not contact me directly. If you
need assistance, try the wiki forum on moodle.org. (Remember to make clear
that you are using OU wiki and not the standard forum.)

Documentation:

We don't provide any documentation, but Steve Wright of Lancaster University
has written some, under a Creative Commons license:

http://www.lancs.ac.uk/staff/wrightst/

Please feel free to also contribute documentation to the relevant areas of the
MoodleDocs wiki.

Bug reports:

Please report bugs using the GitHub 'Issues' tab. Before reporting a bug,
please try the latest version to verify that the problem hasn't already been
fixed. In each bug, please remember to give:

1. Exact steps to reproduce your problem, starting from creating a new wiki
   with default or specified settings.
2. The ouwiki version you are using (from version.php or Modules admin screen).
3. The Moodle version you are using.

Reliability:

Please note that this code is tested on OU systems but we rely on the
community for testing on other systems.

Requires:

Moodle 2.5+
Postgres / MySQL

Install:

Place the contents of this source tree into your Moodle installation so that
within your Moodle root, this file is mod/ouwiki/README. Then visit the
Moodle notifications page to install.

If you want the wiki to be searchable, you also need to install the
local_ousearch plugin. (It is best to do this before using the wiki much,
otherwise it takes ages to install as it builds indexes for everything.)
When you install the ousearch plugin, a search box will automatically appear.
